Add alt attirbutes for test docs sprint (#10670)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/user/interface.rst

.. image:: images/interface_jupyterlab.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: Alt text here

Reviewer: call dibs for this one- will edit later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot of the JupyterLab interface. The main work area is in the middle section of the interface. There is also a left sidebar and a top menu bar.
```

>    :alt: A screen shot of the JupyterLab interface. The main work area is in the middle section of the interface. There is also a left sidebar and a top menu bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screen shot of the JupyterLab interface. The main work area is in the middle section of the interface. There is also a left sidebar and a top menu bar.
```
```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot of the JupyterLab interface. The main work area is in the middle section of the interface. There is also a left sidebar and a top menu bar.
```

.. image:: images/interface_left.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: A screen shot of the primary JupyterLab sidebar a variety of files in the file browser.

Reviewer 2: Missing verb?

```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot of the primary JupyterLab sidebar showing a variety of files in the file browser.
```

.. image:: images/interface_tabs.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: A screen shot of the tabs panel in JupyterLab that lists some sample documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot of the tabs panel in JupyterLab that lists some sample documents.
```

The same information is also available in the Tabs menu:

.. image:: images/interface_tabs_menu.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: A screen shot of the tabs menu in JupyterLab with a list of sample documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot of the tabs menu in JupyterLab with a list of sample documents.
```
